feat(api): Inspect policies in the store (#2072)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/api/pages/admin_api.adoc

    'https://localhost:3592/admin/policy?id=x.yaml&id=y.yaml'
----

=== Inspect Policies

----
GET /admin/policies/inspect
----

> Issue a GET request to the endpoint to inspect the policies in the store. If the policy store supports filtering, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue a GET request to the endpoint to list actions covered by the policies in the store. If the policy store supports filtering, you
```
